README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm Alejandro Lorite Mora, or just Lorite if you wish :bowtie:. I'm working for Mobile Industrial Robots (MiR) in Odense, Denmark since September 2022. I work in the robot R&D department is responsible for providing the hardware layer interface abstraction for the higher architectural layers. My role involves all aspects of software development from technical specification to concept development, design, implementation, testing and technical documentation in an international agile team.

I finished my studies in July 2022. I studied an Erasmus Mundus (yay Europe!!!) Master's Degree on Advanced Robotics in France :fr: and Japan :jp:. I have studied a 5-year Double Bachelor's Degree in Bilbao :es: on Computer Engineering and Electronics Engineering :sunglasses:.

**Feel free to check [my personal learning repository](https://github.com/Lorite/lorite-personal-learning) where I put my learnings about anything related to engineering after my studies. There's not only code but also a lot of CI/CD implemented using GitHub actions and projects.**

If you'd like to contact me just write me an email at [a.lorite.mora\@gmail.com](mailto:a.lorite.mora@gmail.com)! It's :free:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lorite/Lorite/master/img/what.jpg" alt="your future self is watching you right now through memories" style="width: 100%">

Commit message:

Update README.md with ITU PhD job change

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I'm Alejandro Lorite Mora, or just Lorite if you wish :bowtie:.  I am currently working on and studying an Industrial PhD at the IT University of Copenhagen in collaboration with Helix Lab and a multinational Danish corporation. I am working on multi-robot collaboration for industrial applications.

From September 2022 to February 2025, I worked as a robotics software engineer at Mobile Industrial Robots A/S (MiR) in the R&D department. I contributed to the full software development lifecycle of cutting-edge robotics solutions within an international Agile team, specializing in hardware abstraction, embedded, and computer vision. Among other things, I successfully implemented a complex 5-camera 3D vision system, managed cross-compilation from x86_64 to ARM, and refined point cloud processing for enhanced environmental understanding. I designed and implemented C++ and Python software components within a ROS framework, optimized CI/CD pipelines, and played a crucial role in the launch of the MiR1200 Pallet Jack, ensuring robust quality through comprehensive testing. I was also recognized with two internal innovation awards for projects developed during hackathons.

I finished my studies in July 2022. I studied an Erasmus Mundus (yay Europe!!!) Master's Degree on Advanced Robotics in France :fr: and Japan :jp:. I have studied a 5-year Double Bachelor's Degree in Bilbao :es: on Computer Engineering and Electronics Engineering :sunglasses:.

My main fields of interest involve projects where I can improve people's lives in the field of robotics. I thrive in environments where I can learn and evolve, both professionally and personally, embracing new challenges as opportunities for growth.

**Feel free to check [my personal learning repository](https://github.com/Lorite/lorite-personal-learning) where I put my learnings about anything related to engineering after my studies. There's not only code but also a lot of CI/CD implemented using GitHub actions and projects.**

If you'd like to contact me just write me an email at [a.lorite.mora\@gmail.com](mailto:a.lorite.mora@gmail.com)!

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lorite/Lorite/master/img/what.jpg" alt="your future self is watching you right now through memories" style="width: 100%">
